Update firmware update doc (#182)
chipsalliance/caliptra-mcu-sw: docs/src/firmware_update.md

| Flash header
| Checksum
| Image Info (Caliptra FMC + RT) |
| Image Info (SoC Manifest)      |
| Image Info (MCU RT)            |
| Image Info (SoC Image 1)       |
| ...                            |
| Image Info (SoC Image N - 3)   |
| Caliptra FMC + RT              |
| SoC Manifest                   |
| MCU RT                         |
| SoC Image 1                    |
| ...                            |
| SoC Image N - 3                |

To support full image update, a SoC-defined staging memory should be provided to store the incoming payload. For enhanced security, it is recommended to include this staging memory configuration as part of the authenticated SoC manifest.

Ideally, the staging memory should be accessible by the Caliptra DMA engine to read and hash the image directly. If the staging memory (e.g., a staging partition on flash) does not meet this requirement, the MCU would need to perform the cryptographic operations to calculate the hash and then send a mailbox command for authorization. However, this approach is not recommended due to potential security and performance concerns.

**Detailed steps**:
*Note: Actions below are performed by MCU RT Firmware*

> 1. An initiator, such as a custom user application, starts the firmware update service through the Firmware Update API. This action initializes the responder loop in the PLDM stack, enabling it to listen for incoming PLDM messages from the PLDM agent. The API queries firmware component metadata from the Caliptra core (e.g., component version numbers, classifications, etc.) using a mailbox command. This metadata is used to construct the Device Identifiers and Firmware Parameters, as specified in the DMTF DSP0267 1.3.0 standard. *(**TBD**: Confirm if the mailbox command can provide metadata for the full image.)*

Reviewer: just some added detail on the TBD: would a full flash image component have its own version?

Author: > just some added detail on the TBD: would a full flash image component have its own version?

Good point. We may need a version for this full image component.

2. The PLDM stack notifies the API when a firmware image becomes available for update.

> 3. The PLDM stack notifies the API which component is being downloaded using the UpdateComponent notification. The staging memory address is retrieved from the SoC Manifest stored in the Caliptra core using a mailbox command.

Reviewer: Would there be one staging address for the whole "flash image" component? if it is, if for example, the full flash image is written at staging AXI address: 0xA000_0000_0000_0000, how would user authorize SOC Image 10, for example?

Author: > Would there be one staging address for the whole "flash image" component? if it is, if for example, the full flash image is written at staging AXI address: 0xA000_0000_0000_0000, how would user authorize SOC Image 10, for example?

We may assign staging address per component, as Caliptra core doesn't have a workflow to authorize the full image with a single mailbox command for now.  Staging address for MCU RT and SoC images can be defined in SoC manifest. We need staging memory for Caliptra core fw and SoC manifest to support the firmware update on flash boot system.  Let's confirm with @mhatrevi.

4. The PLDM stack sends a FirmwareData notification to the API for each received firmware chunk, including the data, size, and chunk offset. The API's download handler writes the received firmware data to the staging memory.
5. Once all firmware chunks are downloaded, the PLDM stack notifies the API to verify the component. The API parses the component to identify individual embedded images, referred to as subcomponents:
    - For the Caliptra FMC + RT subcomponent, the MCU sends it to the Caliptra core using the `CALIPTRA_FW_UPLOAD` mailbox command.
    - For the SoC Manifest subcomponent, the MCU sends it to the Caliptra core using the `SET_AUTH_MANIFEST` mailbox command. The mailbox response confirms the authenticity and correctness of the manifest.
    - For MCU RT or SoC Image subcomponents, the MCU sends the `AUTHORIZE_AND_STASH` mailbox command, indicating that the image to be verified resides in the staging area.

> 6. After verification, the PLDM stack notifies the API to apply the image. The MCU writes the images from the temporary staging area to the active flash partition.

Reviewer: if the FW is MCU RT, will it be the one writing its own image from staging area to active partition?

    Firmware-->>PLDM: Activate Response
```

## Firmware Update Flow

### Full Image Update for Flash Boot System

**Option 1: Updating the full flash image as a single PLDM firmware component**

> PLDM update packages natively support selecting applicable components using the `ApplicableComponents` bitfield in the package header. For the case of `Component N + 1`, it is treated as a single component by the PLDM Update Agent. Actually, this component encapsulates multiple embedded images, each with its corresponding image information entry, checksum and flash header. The structure and layout of `Component N + 1` align with the flash layout definition in [flash_layout.md](https://github.com/chipsalliance/caliptra-mcu-sw/blob/main/docs/src/flash_layout.md).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
PLDM update packages natively support selecting applicable components using the `ApplicableComponents` bitfield in the package header. For the case of `Component N + 1`, it is treated as a single component by the PLDM Update Agent. This component can encapsulate multiple embedded images each with its corresponding image information entry, checksum and flash header. The structure and layout of `Component N + 1` align with the flash layout definition in [flash_layout.md](https://github.com/chipsalliance/caliptra-mcu-sw/blob/main/docs/src/flash_layout.md).
```
